pllab2.kamgu.ru: 0 bytes

pllab1.kamgu.ru: 0 bytes

plnodea.plaust.edu.cn: 0 bytes

planetlab2.aub.edu.lb: 0 bytes

planetlab1.aub.edu.lb: 0 bytes

plab3.ple.silweb.pl: timed out probe

planetlab2.iin-bit.com.cn: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.rml.ryerson.ca: timed out probe

planetlab5.cs.duke.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-1.vuse.vanderbilt.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.unb.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.webedu.ccu.edu.tw: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.rml.ryerson.ca: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.unb.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab2.olsztyn.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

planet-lab.iki.rssi.ru: timed out probe

plab2.psgtech.ac.in: timed out probe

itchy.cs.uga.edu: timed out probe

scratchy.cs.uga.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.iitr.ernet.in: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cse.msu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.utep.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.nowogrodzka.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

mnc2.pusan.ac.kr: 0 bytes

planetlab0.ias.csusb.edu: timed out probe

node0.planetlab.etl.luc.edu: timed out probe

pl2.bit.uoit.ca: timed out ssh

planetlab1.cs.wayne.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.cse.nd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.homelinux.org: 0 bytes

planetlab-4.cs.ucy.ac.cy: timed out probe

pl2.ernet.in: 0 bytes

charon.cs.binghamton.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.iitb.ac.in: 0 bytes

planetlab1.iitb.ac.in: 0 bytes

planetlab1.iin-bit.com.cn: 0 bytes

plnode01.cs.mu.oz.au: timed out probe

pl1.bit.uoit.ca: timed out ssh

planetlab-2.vuse.vanderbilt.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.nileu.edu.eg: 0 bytes

planetlab1.nileu.edu.eg: 0 bytes

node1.planetlab.etl.luc.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.duke.edu: timed out probe

pl2.cewit.stonybrook.edu: timed out probe

pl1.cewit.stonybrook.edu: timed out probe

planet3.cs.ucsb.edu: 0 bytes

planetlabnode-1.docomolabs-usa.com: timed out probe

planetlab1.simula.no: timed out probe

planetlabnode-2.docomolabs-usa.com: timed out probe

planetlab1.gdansk.rd.tp.pl: 0 bytes

planetlab2.pop-ce.rnp.br: timed out probe

pl2.csl.utoronto.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab1.lublin.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

planetlab3.cs.uoregon.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab3.cs.uoregon.edu

pluto.cs.binghamton.edu: timed out probe

planetlabone.ccs.neu.edu: 25 bytes
planetlabone.ccs.neu.edu

planetlab1.citadel.edu: timed out probe

planetlab4.postel.org: 22 bytes
planetlab4.postel.org

planetlab4.cse.nd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.canterbury.ac.nz: timed out probe

plab1.engr.sjsu.edu: timed out probe

orbpl2.rutgers.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-n2.wand.net.nz: 25 bytes
planetlab-n2.wand.net.nz

planetlab-02.ece.uprm.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.uoregon.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab2.cs.uoregon.edu

planetlab3.csee.usf.edu: timed out probe

orbpl1.rutgers.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-2.cs.auckland.ac.nz: 0 bytes

plab2.nec-labs.com: 0 bytes

planetlab1.cs.ucla.edu: 23 bytes
planetlab1.cs.ucla.edu

plab-1.sinp.msu.ru: timed out probe

planetlab1.utdallas.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.eecs.umich.edu: timed out probe

lefthand.eecs.harvard.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.extern.kuleuven.be: timed out ssh

planetlab3.postel.org: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.ubc.ca: timed out probe

plgmu4.ite.gmu.edu: timed out probe

planetslug7.cse.ucsc.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-1.sjtu.edu.cn: 24 bytes
planetlab-1.sjtu.edu.cn

plgmu3.ite.gmu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.ustc.edu.cn: timed out probe

pl1.planetlab.uvic.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab1.warsaw.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

planetlab2.poly.edu: timed out probe

planet12.csc.ncsu.edu: 0 bytes

pub2-s.ane.cmc.osaka-u.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetslug4.cse.ucsc.edu: timed out probe

pub1-s.ane.cmc.osaka-u.ac.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab-6.ece.iastate.edu: 0 bytes

planet1.cs.rochester.edu: timed out probe

nodea.howard.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.sics.se: 0 bytes

planet2.dsp.ac.cn: 0 bytes

plab-2.sinp.msu.ru: timed out probe

planetlab7.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.cse.nd.edu: timed out probe

pl1.pku.edu.cn: 15 bytes
pl1.pku.edu.cn

pl2.cs.montana.edu: 19 bytes
pl2.cs.montana.edu

chimay.infonet.fundp.ac.be: timed out probe

planetlab2.jcp-consult.net: timed out probe

planetlab2.csg.uzh.ch: timed out probe

miranda.planetlab.cs.umd.edu: timed out probe

planet1.dsp.ac.cn: 0 bytes

planetlab1.umassd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.pop-pa.rnp.br: 0 bytes

pl1.ucs.indiana.edu: 20 bytes
pl1.ucs.indiana.edu

planetlab4.canterbury.ac.nz: timed out probe

planet0.jaist.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetlab1.utep.edu: 0 bytes

planet-lab-node1.netgroup.uniroma2.it: 0 bytes

plnode-04.gpolab.bbn.com: timed out probe

planetlab1.di.fct.unl.pt: timed out probe

planetlab4.hiit.fi: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.uml.edu: 22 bytes
planetlab2.cs.uml.edu

planetlab1.netlab.uky.edu: timed out probe

planetlab7.cs.duke.edu: timed out probe

ebb.colgate.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.buaa.edu.cn: timed out probe

kc-sce-plab2.umkc.edu: timed out probe

nodeb.howard.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-02.kusa.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetx.scs.cs.nyu.edu: timed out probe

righthand.eecs.harvard.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2-santiago.lan.redclara.net: 0 bytes

planetlab02.lums.edu.pk: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.ucl.ac.uk: timed out probe

planetlab16.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.iii.u-tokyo.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetlab02.just.edu.jo: timed out probe

planetlab1.postel.org: 22 bytes
planetlab1.postel.org

planetlab-2.elisa.cpsc.ucalgary.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.usask.ca: timed out probe

planetlab6.goto.info.waseda.ac.jp: 34 bytes
planetlab6.goto.info.waseda.ac.jp

pl2.prakinf.tu-ilmenau.de: timed out probe

planetlab4.eecs.umich.edu: timed out probe

planetlab02.cnds.unibe.ch: 0 bytes

planetlab-tea.ait.ie: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cnds.jhu.edu: timed out probe

plnodeb.plaust.edu.cn: 0 bytes

planetlab1.otemachi.wide.ad.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cs.du.edu: 21 bytes
planetlab2.cs.du.edu

planetlab1.cesnet.cz: 21 bytes
planetlab1.cesnet.cz

roam2.cs.ou.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.informatik.uni-kl.de: 0 bytes

plab1.nec-labs.com: 0 bytes

planetlab2-saopaulo.lan.redclara.net: 0 bytes

75-130-96-13.static.oxfr.ma.charter.com: 0 bytes

earth.cs.brown.edu: 0 bytes

planet-lab2.ufabc.edu.br: timed out probe

planetlab-node3.it-sudparis.eu: timed out probe

planetlab2.virtues.fi: timed out probe

planetlab-1.webedu.ccu.edu.tw: 0 bytes

ple2.det.uvigo.es: 0 bytes

planetlab4.mini.pw.edu.pl: 26 bytes
planetlab4.mini.pw.edu.pl

planetlab1.science.unitn.it: timed out probe

planetlab3.eecs.northwestern.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab7.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.jhu.edu: timed out probe

planet11.csc.ncsu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlabpc0.upf.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab04.cnds.unibe.ch: 0 bytes

planetlab1.inf.ethz.ch: 0 bytes

planetlab6.flux.utah.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.polito.it: timed out probe

planetlab1.eee.hku.hk: timed out probe

planet2.servers.ua.pt: timed out probe

planetlab1.jcp-consult.net: timed out probe

csplanetlab4.kaist.ac.kr: timed out probe

pl2.tailab.eu: timed out ssh

planetlab2.c3sl.ufpr.br: 0 bytes

pl2.ucs.indiana.edu: 20 bytes
pl2.ucs.indiana.edu

plonk.cs.uwaterloo.ca: 22 bytes
plonk.cs.uwaterloo.ca

pluto.cs.brown.edu: 19 bytes
pluto.cs.brown.edu

planetlab5.goto.info.waseda.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetlab4.inf.ethz.ch: 0 bytes

adrastea.mcs.suffolk.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.esprit-tn.com: 0 bytes

planetlab3.singaren.net.sg: timed out probe

mimas.ipv6.lip6.fr: timed out probe

planetlab2.cti.espol.edu.ec: 0 bytes

planetlab5.csail.mit.edu: timed out probe

lab1.asmdba.com: 0 bytes

planetlab4.warsaw.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

pl2.zju.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlab2.eee.hku.hk: timed out probe

pl2.eng.monash.edu.au: 22 bytes
pl2.eng.monash.edu.au

planetlab2.di.unito.it: 0 bytes

planetslug5.cse.ucsc.edu: timed out probe

planetlab5.eecs.umich.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab5.eecs.umich.edu

planetlab3.informatik.uni-wuerzburg.de: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.ucl.ac.uk: timed out probe

planetlab1.arizona-gigapop.net: 0 bytes

planet1.scs.cs.nyu.edu: timed out probe

newbootcd.cs.princeton.edu: 0 bytes

iason.inf.uth.gr: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.umass.edu: timed out probe

75-130-96-12.static.oxfr.ma.charter.com: 0 bytes

planetlab-3.cs.ucy.ac.cy: timed out probe

planetlab2.ntu.nodes.planet-lab.org: timed out probe

host1.planetlab.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de: timed out probe

planetlab2.eecs.umich.edu: timed out probe

ricepl-5.cs.rice.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.fhi-fokus.de: timed out probe

kupl2.ittc.ku.edu: 0 bytes

ricepl-1.cs.rice.edu: 0 bytes

medea.inf.uth.gr: timed out probe

planetlab1.bgu.ac.il: timed out probe

planetlab1.informatik.uni-kl.de: timed out ssh

planetlab2.ionio.gr: timed out probe

planetlab2.arizona-gigapop.net: 0 bytes

planetlab1.just.edu.jo: timed out probe

kc-sce-plab1.umkc.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.purdue.edu: 25 bytes
planetlab1.cs.purdue.edu

planetlab1.cqupt.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlab1.pop-mg.rnp.br: 25 bytes
planetlab1.pop-mg.rnp.br

node1.planetlab.albany.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.sics.se: 0 bytes

rochefort.infonet.fundp.ac.be: timed out probe

node2pl.planet-lab.telecom-lille1.eu: timed out probe

onelab6.iet.unipi.it: timed out probe

planetvs1.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de: timed out probe

planetlab1.pop-rj.rnp.br: 0 bytes

planetlab1.mta.ac.il: timed out probe

of-planet5.stanford.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab01.cs.tcd.ie: 0 bytes

planetlab4.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk: timed out probe

planetlab2.een.orst.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.calpoly-netlab.net: timed out probe

kupl1.ittc.ku.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.iii.u-tokyo.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetlab1.een.orst.edu: 0 bytes

planck250ple.test.iminds.be: timed out probe

planetlab1.thlab.net: timed out probe

planetlab-1.ece.iastate.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

pl02.comp.polyu.edu.hk: timed out probe

planetlab1.rd.tut.fi: 0 bytes

planetlab2.eecs.wsu.edu: 0 bytes

ple1.hpca.ual.es: 0 bytes

planetlab2.gdansk.rd.tp.pl: 0 bytes

node2.planetlab.uni-luebeck.de: timed out probe

planetlab3.cs.uchicago.edu: 0 bytes

planet2.inf.tu-dresden.de: 0 bytes

ple1.det.uvigo.es: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.cs.uic.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.pdl.nudt.edu.cn: timed out probe

fobos.cecalc.ula.ve: timed out probe

aguila2.lsi.upc.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.columbia.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.cs.columbia.edu: timed out probe

f20bootcd.cs.princeton.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.science.unitn.it: timed out probe

planetlab4.cs.duke.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.esprit-tn.com: timed out probe

planetlab4.singaren.net.sg: timed out probe

planetlab1.dojima.wide.ad.jp: 0 bytes

planet2.ku.edu.tr: timed out probe

dschinni.planetlab.extranet.uni-passau.de: 0 bytes

planetlab2.mta.ac.il: timed out probe

planetlab-1.pdl.nudt.edu.cn: timed out probe

onelab3.warsaw.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

node1pl.planet-lab.telecom-lille1.eu: 0 bytes

planetlab11.net.in.tum.de: timed out probe

onelab4.info.ucl.ac.be: 0 bytes

pandora.we.po.opole.pl: timed out probe

planetlab1.iitkgp.ac.in: timed out probe

planetlab-01.kusa.ac.jp: timed out probe

planet6.cs.ucsb.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-1.iscte.pt: timed out probe

planetlab3.ucsd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab13.net.in.tum.de: timed out probe

mars.planetlab.haw-hamburg.de: 0 bytes

planetlab11.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

host4-plb.loria.fr: timed out probe

planetlab2.singaren.net.sg: timed out probe

planetlabtwo.ccs.neu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.ewi.tudelft.nl: 0 bytes

planet1.zib.de: timed out probe

onelab4.warsaw.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

planetlab2.eecs.jacobs-university.de: 0 bytes

planetlab2.ifi.uio.no: timed out probe

pl3.cs.unm.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.columbia.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-2.ece.iastate.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.fhi-fokus.de: timed out probe

planet-plc-1.mpi-sws.org: timed out probe

planetlab02.sys.virginia.edu: timed out probe

lim-planetlab-1.univ-reunion.fr: timed out probe

planetlab-01.ece.uprm.edu: timed out probe

utet.ii.uam.es: timed out probe

planet4.cc.gt.atl.ga.us: timed out probe

pl3.planet.cs.kent.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.iitkgp.ac.in: timed out probe

lim-planetlab-2.univ-reunion.fr: timed out probe

planetlab7.csail.mit.edu: timed out probe

planetlab0.otemachi.wide.ad.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab1.clemson.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.georgetown.edu: timed out probe

pl01.comp.polyu.edu.hk: timed out probe

planetlab1.cnis.nyit.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab4.georgetown.edu: timed out probe

planetlab01.dis.unina.it: 0 bytes

planetlab1.informatik.uni-erlangen.de: timed out probe

planet2.elte.hu: timed out probe

planetlab3.di.unito.it: 0 bytes

pli1-pa-5.hpl.hp.com: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.cs.auckland.ac.nz: 0 bytes

cs743.cs.nthu.edu.tw: timed out probe

planetlab1.pop-rs.rnp.br: 0 bytes

cs744.cs.nthu.edu.tw: timed out probe

planetlab2.xeno.cl.cam.ac.uk: timed out ssh

planetlab1.fri.uni-lj.si: 0 bytes

mtuplanetlab1.cs.mtu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cnis.nyit.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.clemson.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.xeno.cl.cam.ac.uk: timed out ssh

pl1.yonsei.ac.kr: timed out probe

planet-lab2.cs.ucr.edu: timed out probe

pl-node-1.csl.sri.com: timed out probe

planet1.cc.gt.atl.ga.us: timed out probe

planetlab1.singaren.net.sg: timed out probe

pl1.cis.uab.edu: 0 bytes

pl221nassau0.cs.princeton.edu: 0 bytes

ple6.ipv6.lip6.fr: timed out ssh

nis-planet1.doshisha.ac.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab3.net.in.tum.de: timed out probe

pl2.cis.uab.edu: 0 bytes

planet1.jaist.ac.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab-3.ece.iastate.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab4.csail.mit.edu: timed out probe

planetlab10.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.pop-pa.rnp.br: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.cse.ohio-state.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-4.imperial.ac.uk: 0 bytes

netapp6.cs.kookmin.ac.kr: timed out probe

planetlab2.pop-rs.rnp.br: 0 bytes

planetlab1.csuohio.edu: timed out probe

planetlab12.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

osiris.planetlab.cs.umd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.aston.ac.uk: timed out ssh

pl1.cs.unm.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.cis.upenn.edu: timed out probe

planet2.l3s.uni-hannover.de: 0 bytes

planet1.ku.edu.tr: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.vu.nl: timed out probe

planetlab1.poly.edu: timed out probe

pl1.uni-rostock.de: timed out probe

planet-lab-node2.netgroup.uniroma2.it: 0 bytes

pl2.cs.unm.edu: timed out probe

whitefall.planetlab.cs.umd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

pl2.rcc.uottawa.ca: timed out probe

planetlab4.csee.usf.edu: timed out probe

planet1.l3s.uni-hannover.de: 0 bytes

planetlab1.tlm.unavarra.es: 0 bytes

planetlab1.informatik.uni-goettingen.de: timed out ssh

planetlab1.montefiore.ulg.ac.be: timed out probe

planetlab-node-01.ucd.ie: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.umb.edu: 0 bytes

planet2.scs.stanford.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.csail.mit.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.cse.msu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab4.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab01.lums.edu.pk: timed out probe

planetlab1.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.mnlab.cti.depaul.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.umb.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cis.upenn.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.lublin.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

planetlab3.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.eecs.northwestern.edu: timed out probe

plab1.cs.ust.hk: timed out probe

planetlab0.ucsc.cmb.ac.lk: timed out probe

planetlab2.eas.asu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab13.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

arari.snu.ac.kr: timed out probe

planetlab2.netlab.uky.edu: timed out probe

plgmu1.ite.gmu.edu: 0 bytes

gschembra4.diit.unict.it: timed out probe

plab3.cs.msu.ru: timed out probe

mtuplanetlab2.cs.mtu.edu: 0 bytes

planet1.scs.stanford.edu: timed out probe

nw142.csie.ncu.edu.tw: timed out probe

planetlab1.plab.ege.edu.tr: timed out probe

planetlab-2.cs.uic.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.csg.uzh.ch: timed out probe

planetlab1.eas.asu.edu: timed out ssh

planetlab8.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

nis-planet2.doshisha.ac.jp: 0 bytes

plan1.project.cwi.nl: 0 bytes

planetlab01.uncc.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.ewi.tudelft.nl: 0 bytes

planetlab1.byu.edu: timed out probe

pl2.ccsrfi.net: 0 bytes

plab2.larc.usp.br: timed out probe

planetlab2.tmit.bme.hu: timed out probe

ttu1-1.nodes.planet-lab.org: 0 bytes

planetlab-03.vt.nodes.planet-lab.org: timed out probe

planetlab1.jhu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab5.williams.edu: timed out probe

planetlab6.cs.duke.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-4.ece.iastate.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1-santiago.lan.redclara.net: 0 bytes

onelab3.info.ucl.ac.be: 0 bytes

planetlab0.dojima.wide.ad.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab1.iis.sinica.edu.tw: timed out probe

planetlab4.cnds.jhu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.williams.edu: timed out probe

planetlab9.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2-tijuana.lan.redclara.net: timed out probe

ple2.tu.koszalin.pl: timed out probe

plab3.eece.ksu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.extern.kuleuven.be: timed out probe

planetlab2.eecs.ucf.edu: timed out probe

planetvs2.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de: 0 bytes

planetlab2.u-strasbg.fr: 0 bytes

planetlab1-saopaulo.lan.redclara.net: 0 bytes

plab2.cs.ust.hk: timed out probe

planetlab2.eecs.northwestern.edu: timed out probe

plab1.larc.usp.br: timed out probe

planetlabpc1.upf.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1-tijuana.lan.redclara.net: timed out probe

anateus.ipv6.lip6.fr: 0 bytes

planetlab6.csail.mit.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-coffee.ait.ie: 0 bytes

planetlab1.cse.nd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.thlab.net: timed out probe

dannan.disy.inf.uni-konstanz.de: 0 bytes

ttu2-1.nodes.planet-lab.org: 0 bytes

planetlab1.net.in.tum.de: 0 bytes

vn5.cse.wustl.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.byu.edu: timed out probe

pl2-higashi.ics.es.osaka-u.ac.jp: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.umass.edu: timed out probe

planetlab5.millennium.berkeley.edu: timed out probe

planetlab02.cs.tcd.ie: 0 bytes

planetlab2.wiwi.hu-berlin.de: timed out probe

metis.mcs.suffolk.edu: timed out probe

pl3.planetlab.uvic.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab2.mini.pw.edu.pl: timed out probe

plgmu2.ite.gmu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.ntu.nodes.planet-lab.org: timed out probe

planetlaba.engr.ccny.cuny.edu: timed out probe

pl1.cs.yale.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-01.bu.edu: 0 bytes

planet-lab1.cs.ucr.edu: timed out probe

ple1.ait.ac.th: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.vu.nl: timed out probe

planet1.unipr.it: 0 bytes

planetlab1.aston.ac.uk: timed out ssh

pl1.bell-labs.fr: timed out probe

host3.planetlab.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de: timed out probe

planetlab1.dit.upm.es: timed out probe

host2.planetlab.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de: timed out probe

pl2.yonsei.ac.kr: timed out probe

planetlab2.urv.cat: timed out ssh

planetlab1.xeno.cl.cam.ac.uk: timed out ssh

planetlab1.ucsd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.informatik.uni-erlangen.de: timed out probe

planet4.cs.ucsb.edu: 0 bytes

inriarennes2.irisa.fr: 0 bytes

chronos.disy.inf.uni-konstanz.de: timed out probe

planet2.cc.gt.atl.ga.us: timed out probe

planetlabeu-2.tssg.org: timed out probe

pl2.cs.yale.edu: 0 bytes

pln.zju.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlabeu-1.tssg.org: timed out probe

planetlab6.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

plab4.eece.ksu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab02.tkn.tu-berlin.de: timed out probe

planetlab7.flux.utah.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.informatik.uni-goettingen.de: timed out ssh

planetlab2.tlm.unavarra.es: timed out probe

planetlab5.csres.utexas.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.cs.uit.no: timed out ssh

planetlab2.upm.ro: 0 bytes

planetlab4.rutgers.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.di.unito.it: timed out probe

planetlab1.unineuchatel.ch: 0 bytes

planetlab2.fri.uni-lj.si: timed out probe

planet5.cs.ucsb.edu: timed out probe

ple2.ait.ac.th: timed out probe

planetlab-2.calpoly-netlab.net: 31 bytes
planetlab-2.calpoly-netlab.net

planetlab1.research.nicta.com.au: timed out probe

planck227ple.test.ibbt.be: timed out probe

pl1.prakinf.tu-ilmenau.de: timed out probe

planetlab-02.bu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.ifi.uio.no: 0 bytes

planck249ple.test.iminds.be: timed out probe

ple4.ipv6.lip6.fr: timed out ssh

planetlab1.virtues.fi: 0 bytes

pl1.ccsrfi.net: 0 bytes

planetlab-3.imperial.ac.uk: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.research.netlab.hut.fi: 27 bytes
Domain cmu_agens not found

roam1.cs.ou.edu: 0 bytes

ple3.ipv6.lip6.fr: 0 bytes

planetlab3.hiit.fi: timed out probe

planetlab2.iis.sinica.edu.tw: timed out probe

dfn-ple1.x-win.dfn.de: 0 bytes

planet1.pnl.nitech.ac.jp: 0 bytes

planetlab2.montefiore.ulg.ac.be: 0 bytes

plab2.engr.sjsu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-2.tagus.ist.utl.pt: timed out ssh

planetlab2.pop-rj.rnp.br: 0 bytes

pli1-pa-1.hpl.hp.com: 0 bytes

planetlab1.cs.uoi.gr: timed out ssh

planetlab6.csee.usf.edu: timed out probe

iraplab1.iralab.uni-karlsruhe.de: timed out ssh

pnode1.pdcc-ntu.singaren.net.sg: timed out probe

planetlab-2.ing.unimo.it: timed out ssh

plnode02.cs.mu.oz.au: timed out probe

planetlab-5.ece.iastate.edu: 0 bytes

pli1-pa-6.hpl.hp.com: 0 bytes

pl2snu.koren.kr: timed out probe

planetlab1.mnlab.cti.depaul.edu: timed out probe

plnode-03.gpolab.bbn.com: timed out probe

planetlab1.ionio.gr: timed out probe

planetlab1.eecs.ucf.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.um.es: 0 bytes

jupiter.cs.brown.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.temple.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.tamu.edu: timed out probe

planet1.inf.tu-dresden.de: timed out ssh

onelab2.warsaw.rd.tp.pl: timed out probe

planetlab4.tamu.edu: timed out probe

pli1-pa-2.hpl.hp.com: 0 bytes

planetlab4.williams.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.ucsd.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.eecs.wsu.edu: 0 bytes

pl1.planet.cs.kent.edu: timed out probe

planetlab4.n.info.eng.osaka-cu.ac.jp: 0 bytes

plgmu5.ite.gmu.edu: 0 bytes

pl2.planet.cs.kent.edu: timed out probe

recall.snu.ac.kr: timed out ssh

planetlab1.acis.ufl.edu: timed out probe

pnode2.pdcc-ntu.singaren.net.sg: timed out probe

pl1.csl.utoronto.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab1.nakao-lab.org: timed out probe

planetlab-2.sjtu.edu.cn: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.ssvl.kth.se: timed out probe

planetlab1.buaa.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlab1-buenosaires.lan.redclara.net: timed out probe

stella.planetlab.ntua.gr: 0 bytes

planetlab01.sys.virginia.edu: timed out probe

cs-planetlab3.cs.surrey.sfu.ca: timed out probe

ricepl-4.cs.rice.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.nakao-lab.org: timed out probe

planet3.cc.gt.atl.ga.us: timed out probe

planet2.cs.rochester.edu: timed out probe

pl1snu.koren.kr: timed out probe

csplanetlab3.kaist.ac.kr: timed out probe

pli1-pa-3.hpl.hp.com: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.elisa.cpsc.ucalgary.ca: 0 bytes

planetlab3.tamu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-4.eecs.cwru.edu: 0 bytes

pl2.bell-labs.fr: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.usask.ca: timed out probe

pli1-pa-4.hpl.hp.com: 0 bytes

planetlab1.bupt.edu.cn: timed out probe

planet-lab1.itba.edu.ar: timed out probe

plink.cs.uwaterloo.ca: 22 bytes
plink.cs.uwaterloo.ca

planetlab-1.scie.uestc.edu.cn: 30 bytes
planetlab-1.scie.uestc.edu.cn

pl-node-0.csl.sri.com: timed out probe

planet2.pnl.nitech.ac.jp: 0 bytes

pl-dccd-01.cua.uam.mx: timed out probe

pl-dccd-02.cua.uam.mx: 0 bytes

planetlab2.postel.org: timed out probe

planetlab2.citadel.edu: 23 bytes
planetlab2.citadel.edu

pl2.uni-rostock.de: 0 bytes

planetlab2.eurecom.fr: timed out probe

planetlab3.arizona-gigapop.net: 0 bytes

planetlab1.upm.ro: 0 bytes

planetlab2.tsuniv.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab3.eecs.umich.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab3.eecs.umich.edu

pl2.sos.info.hiroshima-cu.ac.jp: 0 bytes

pl1.eng.monash.edu.au: 22 bytes
pl1.eng.monash.edu.au

pl1-higashi.ics.es.osaka-u.ac.jp: timed out ssh

planet-lab3.uba.ar: 19 bytes
planet-lab3.uba.ar

planetlab1.c3sl.ufpr.br: timed out probe

planetlab1.rutgers.edu: 23 bytes
planetlab1.rutgers.edu

planetlab1.cs.cornell.edu: timed out probe

planetlab3.rutgers.edu: 23 bytes
planetlab3.rutgers.edu

ricepl-2.cs.rice.edu: 21 bytes
ricepl-2.cs.rice.edu

planetlab3.bupt.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlab2.dtc.umn.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-3.cmcl.cs.cmu.edu: 0 bytes

pl4.cs.unm.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-js2.cert.org.cn: 26 bytes
planetlab-js2.cert.org.cn

planetlab-5.eecs.cwru.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab-5.eecs.cwru.edu

planetlab2.cs.colorado.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.csee.usf.edu: timed out probe

pallas.ipv6.lip6.fr: timed out ssh

planetlab2.rutgers.edu: 23 bytes
planetlab2.rutgers.edu

planetlab3.cnds.jhu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab04.cs.washington.edu: 30 bytes
planetlab04.cs.washington.edu

pl1.rcc.uottawa.ca: 19 bytes
pl1.rcc.uottawa.ca

planetlab-2.cmcl.cs.cmu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.uta.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab3.mini.pw.edu.pl: 0 bytes

planetlab1.tsuniv.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2-buenosaires.lan.redclara.net: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.man.poznan.pl: timed out probe

planetlab1.cnds.jhu.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.acis.ufl.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.sfc.wide.ad.jp: timed out probe

netapp7.cs.kookmin.ac.kr: 0 bytes

planetlab2.unr.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.pop-mg.rnp.br: 25 bytes
planetlab2.pop-mg.rnp.br

jupiter.planetlab.carleton.ca: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.otago.ac.nz: 26 bytes
planetlab2.cs.otago.ac.nz

planetlab1.uta.edu: 0 bytes

node1.planetlab.mathcs.emory.edu: 33 bytes
node1.planetlab.mathcs.emory.edu

planetlab1.koganei.itrc.net: 28 bytes
planetlab1.koganei.itrc.net

planetlab2.unl.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-1.cmcl.cs.cmu.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cs.ucla.edu: 23 bytes
planetlab2.cs.ucla.edu

planetlab2.koganei.itrc.net: 28 bytes
planetlab2.koganei.itrc.net

planetlab1.sfc.wide.ad.jp: timed out probe

planetlab1.pop-ce.rnp.br: timed out probe

planetlab-2.ssvl.kth.se: timed out probe

planetlab2.emich.edu: timed out ssh

planet-lab2.itba.edu.ar: timed out probe

salt.planetlab.cs.umd.edu: 26 bytes
salt.planetlab.cs.umd.edu

planetlab1.cs.colorado.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-01.cs.princeton.edu: timed out probe

pl2.pku.edu.cn: 15 bytes
pl2.pku.edu.cn

planetlab1.unr.edu: 19 bytes
planetlab1.unr.edu

pl1.cs.montana.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab01.cs.washington.edu: 30 bytes
planetlab01.cs.washington.edu

planetlab2.cqupt.edu.cn: timed out probe

planet-lab4.uba.ar: 19 bytes
planet-lab4.uba.ar

planetlab3.comp.nus.edu.sg: 27 bytes
planetlab3.comp.nus.edu.sg

planetlab-05.cs.princeton.edu: 30 bytes
planetlab-05.cs.princeton.edu

planetlab2.utdallas.edu: 24 bytes
planetlab2.utdallas.edu

planetlab1.unl.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.inf.ethz.ch: timed out probe

dplanet2.uoc.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-1.imag.fr: 0 bytes

gschembra3.diit.unict.it: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.purdue.edu: 25 bytes
planetlab2.cs.purdue.edu

planetlab2.dit.upm.es: timed out probe

planetlab-1.cs.unibas.ch: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.otago.ac.nz: 26 bytes
planetlab1.cs.otago.ac.nz

planet1.elte.hu: timed out probe

planetlab1.emich.edu: timed out ssh

planetlab1.cs.uml.edu: 22 bytes
planetlab1.cs.uml.edu

planetlab2.ci.pwr.wroc.pl: timed out probe

plab4.ple.silweb.pl: timed out probe

planetlab2.tau.ac.il: timed out probe

uoepl1.essex.ac.uk: 0 bytes

planetlab2.cesnet.cz: 21 bytes
planetlab2.cesnet.cz

planetlab-2.sysu.edu.cn: timed out probe

uoepl2.essex.ac.uk: 0 bytes

planetlab2.comp.nus.edu.sg: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.ubc.ca: 21 bytes
planetlab2.cs.ubc.ca

pl1.sos.info.hiroshima-cu.ac.jp: 32 bytes
pl1.sos.info.hiroshima-cu.ac.jp

planetlab1.cs.uoregon.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab1.cs.uoregon.edu

plab1.cs.msu.ru: 16 bytes
plab1.cs.msu.ru

planetlab1.ustc.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlab3.wail.wisc.edu: 25 bytes
planetlab3.wail.wisc.edu

planetlab1.cs.du.edu: 21 bytes
planetlab1.cs.du.edu

planetlab2.cs.okstate.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.comp.nus.edu.sg: timed out probe

planetlab-1.research.netlab.hut.fi: 27 bytes
Domain cmu_agens not found

planetlab1.csee.usf.edu: 24 bytes
planetlab1.csee.usf.edu

ple1.cesnet.cz: 0 bytes

planetlab1.tau.ac.il: timed out probe

marie.iet.unipi.it: timed out probe

planetlab-js1.cert.org.cn: 26 bytes
planetlab-js1.cert.org.cn

planetlab-2.cse.ohio-state.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-01.vt.nodes.planet-lab.org: timed out probe

planet-lab1.uba.ar: 19 bytes
planet-lab1.uba.ar

planetlab02.cs.washington.edu: 30 bytes
planetlab02.cs.washington.edu

planetlab-03.cs.princeton.edu: 30 bytes
planetlab-03.cs.princeton.edu

planetlab2.cs.unc.edu: 22 bytes
planetlab2.cs.unc.edu

ple2.cesnet.cz: timed out ssh

sybaris.ipv6.lip6.fr: timed out ssh

planetlab1.cs.okstate.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab1.cs.okstate.edu

planetlab2.ecs.vuw.ac.nz: 25 bytes
planetlab2.ecs.vuw.ac.nz

planetlab2.cs.cornell.edu: timed out probe

planetlab-2.scie.uestc.edu.cn: 30 bytes
planetlab-2.scie.uestc.edu.cn

planetlab03.cs.washington.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab1.aut.ac.nz: timed out probe

planetlab1.dtc.umn.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab3.cesnet.cz: 21 bytes
planetlab3.cesnet.cz

planetlab-n1.wand.net.nz: 25 bytes
planetlab-n1.wand.net.nz

planetlab-04.vt.nodes.planet-lab.org: timed out probe

planetlab1.ci.pwr.wroc.pl: timed out probe

planetlab-1.sysu.edu.cn: timed out probe

planetlab2.unineuchatel.ch: timed out probe

planetlab1.diku.dk: 0 bytes

planetlab3.cslab.ece.ntua.gr: timed out probe

planetlab2.diku.dk: 0 bytes

planetlab2.ics.forth.gr: 0 bytes

vicky.planetlab.ntua.gr: 0 bytes

planetlab4.cslab.ece.ntua.gr: timed out probe

planetlab3.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk: 0 bytes

planetlab-4.dis.uniroma1.it: timed out probe

planetlab1.u-strasbg.fr: timed out probe

planetlab2.informatik.uni-erlangen.de: timed out probe

planetlab2.cs.uoi.gr: timed out ssh

planet1.cs.huji.ac.il: 0 bytes

iraplab2.iralab.uni-karlsruhe.de: timed out ssh

planetlab1.tmit.bme.hu: timed out probe

planetlab-13.e5.ijs.si: 0 bytes

aladdin.planetlab.extranet.uni-passau.de: 0 bytes

pl1.tailab.eu: timed out ssh

planetlab2.cs.aueb.gr: 0 bytes

plab2.ple.silweb.pl: timed out probe

planetlab-1.ing.unimo.it: timed out ssh

onelab7.iet.unipi.it: timed out probe

planetlab-1.ida.liu.se: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.ida.liu.se: 0 bytes

planetlab1.mini.pw.edu.pl: timed out probe

plato.di.uoa.gr: timed out probe

planetlab1.eurecom.fr: timed out probe

plewifi.ipv6.lip6.fr: timed out ssh

planetlab-1.tagus.ist.utl.pt: timed out ssh

onelab2.pl.sophia.inria.fr: 0 bytes

planetlab2.polito.it: timed out probe

ple2.hpca.ual.es: timed out probe

onelab1.pl.sophia.inria.fr: timed out probe

orval.infonet.fundp.ac.be: timed out probe

peeramide.irisa.fr: timed out probe

peeramidion.irisa.fr: timed out probe

inriarennes1.irisa.fr: 0 bytes

icnalplabs1.epfl.ch: timed out ssh

planetlab2.rd.tut.fi: 0 bytes

icnalplabs2.epfl.ch: timed out ssh

planet1.servers.ua.pt: timed out probe

planetlab01.tkn.tu-berlin.de: timed out probe

planet2.cs.huji.ac.il: timed out probe

planetlab2.um.es: 0 bytes

planetlab1lannion.elibel.tm.fr: timed out probe

dev-res-plab-02.tid.es: timed out probe

dev-res-plab-01.tid.es: timed out probe

dplanet1.uoc.edu: 0 bytes

planetlab-12.e5.ijs.si: 0 bytes

planetlab2lannion.elibel.tm.fr: timed out probe

merkur.planetlab.haw-hamburg.de: 0 bytes

planet2.unipr.it: 0 bytes

planetlab2.informatik.uni-wuerzburg.de: timed out probe

plutarch.di.uoa.gr: timed out probe

ops.ii.uam.es: timed out probe

planetlab1.eecs.jacobs-university.de: 0 bytes

planetlab-2.imag.fr: 0 bytes

planetlab01.ethz.ch: timed out probe

planetlab02.dis.unina.it: 0 bytes

planetlab02.ethz.ch: timed out probe

node2.planetlab.mathcs.emory.edu: 33 bytes
node2.planetlab.mathcs.emory.edu

planetlab4.cs.uoregon.edu: 26 bytes
planetlab4.cs.uoregon.edu

aguila1.lsi.upc.edu: timed out probe

planetlab1.cs.unc.edu: 22 bytes
planetlab1.cs.unc.edu

planetlab1.urv.cat: timed out probe

planetlab-02.vt.nodes.planet-lab.org: timed out probe

pl2.6test.edu.cn: 17 bytes
pl2.6test.edu.cn

planetlab5.csee.usf.edu: timed out probe

pl1.6test.edu.cn: 17 bytes
pl1.6test.edu.cn

planetlab3.inf.ethz.ch: 23 bytes
planetlab3.inf.ethz.ch

planetlab1.ecs.vuw.ac.nz: 25 bytes
planetlab1.ecs.vuw.ac.nz

planetlab1.temple.edu: 22 bytes
planetlab1.temple.edu

planetlab1.cti.espol.edu.ec: 0 bytes

saturn.planetlab.carleton.ca: 29 bytes
saturn.planetlab.carleton.ca

planetlab4.goto.info.waseda.ac.jp: 34 bytes
planetlab4.goto.info.waseda.ac.jp

planetlab-04.cs.princeton.edu: timed out probe

planetlab2.aut.ac.nz: timed out probe

planetlab2.di.fct.unl.pt: timed out ssh

